JITLIFE Service Agreement

1. General Provisions
    1.1 All ownership and operation rights of the various services provided by the official JITLIFE mobile APP (hereinafter referred to as the "APP") belong to Chengdu Dongfangzhixiang Technology Co. Ltd.
    1.2 Before using the services of this APP, users shall carefully read this agreement and agree to abide by all the terms and conditions herein. JITLIFE hereby specially reminds you to carefully read and fully understand each clause of this agreement, especially the clauses involving the exemption or limitation of JITLIFE's liability, the clauses excluding or limiting users' rights, etc. Once a user successfully registers, it is deemed that they have fully understood and completely accepted all terms of this agreement, and this agreement shall constitute a legally binding document on the user and this APP.
    1.3 JITLIFE reserves the right to modify the terms of this agreement. Once the content of this service agreement changes, JITLIFE will publish the latest service agreement through this APP and will not individually notify users. If a user does not agree to the modifications made by JITLIFE to this service agreement, the user has the right to stop using the APP's services. If the user continues to use the APP's services, it is deemed that the user accepts the modifications made by JITLIFE to this service agreement and shall comply with the modified agreement.
    1.4 Notices, announcements, statements or other similar contents of this APP are part of this agreement and have corresponding legal effect.
2. Confirmation and Acceptance of Terms
    2.1 This APP connects via Bluetooth and provides various services to users according to the actual situation of the APP. Users must:
        2.1.1 Provide equipment, including personal mobile phones, modems and other Internet access devices.
        2.1.2 Personally bear the communication fees incurred from personal Internet access.
    2.2 Users agree to:
        2.2.1 Provide timely, necessary and true personal information.
        2.2.2 Users are obligated to update their registration information to meet the requirements of being timely, detailed and accurate. All originally entered information will be referred to as registration information.
        2.2.3 If, due to the user's failure to update basic information in a timely manner, the APP's services cannot be provided or any errors occur during provision, JITLIFE shall not bear any responsibility, and all consequences shall be borne by the user.
    2.3 This APP shall not arbitrarily disclose users' names, addresses, ID numbers, email addresses, or accounts, unless:
        2.3.1 JITLIFE deems it necessary according to the needs of this APP and/or trial services.
        2.3.2 The user requests and/or authorizes this APP to disclose such information.
        2.3.3 The user personally publishes and/or discloses such information on this APP and other public media.
        2.3.4 Corresponding laws, regulations require or procedural services need this APP to provide users' personal information.
    2.4 If the information provided by the user is inaccurate, untrue, illegal or invalid, this APP reserves the right to terminate the user's use of all services of this APP. While enjoying all services of this APP, users agree to receive various information services provided by this APP.
    2.5 Some of the online services provided by this APP are paid services, and users need to pay corresponding fees to this APP for using paid services. For paid services, this APP will give users a clear prompt before they use them, and only when users confirm their willingness to pay the relevant fees according to the prompt can they use such paid online services. If the user refuses to pay the relevant fees, this APP has the right not to provide such paid services to the user.
    2.6 Users agree that this APP has the right to send relevant information such as APP updates, trial messages, and activities to users via email, SMS, phone calls, etc.
3. Collection, Use and Protection of User Information
    3.1 To realize the basic and additional functions of our products and/or services provided to you, and to bring you a better product and service experience, we need/may need to collect and use your relevant user information.
    3.2 When using this APP, users need to disclose some information as required, including but not limited to contact phone number, delivery address, etc., as well as some necessary information required by third-party payment institutions to enjoy Internet payment services, which include but are not limited to: real name, contact address, email address and contact phone number, etc. You shall ensure that such information is true, accurate, valid and complete when provided, and shall update such information in a timely manner according to actual circumstances or the requirements of this APP. Any restrictions or losses incurred when receiving services from this APP due to incomplete, untrue information disclosure or untimely information updates shall be borne by you independently. In addition to necessary information, you also have the right to decide to disclose some other information.
    3.3 You authorize this APP to collect your user information, which may include registration information or enterprise entity qualification information, product information, transaction information, and your geographical location, etc. This APP will collect user information in accordance with relevant laws. You also authorize this APP and us to have a nationwide (within the scope permitted by law), free license to use (and the right to sub-license such right), enabling this APP and us to (in whole or in part) use, copy, revise, rewrite, publish, translate, distribute, execute and display various information 公示 by you on this APP (excluding your personal identity information) or create derivative works thereof, and/or incorporate the various information 公示 by you into other works in any form, media or technology known now or developed in the future.
    3.4 We will take appropriate measures to provide adequate information security protection for user information in accordance with the requirements of relevant laws. Users shall properly keep and use their user information, including account numbers and their verification codes, payment accounts and passwords related to transactions, contact information, addresses and other information. Any losses caused by the leakage of the above information, including any losses caused by information leakage through any third-party application software on this APP, shall be borne by you independently. If you leak any of the above information, you shall promptly notify this APP of the leakage in an effective manner so that this APP can take measures to prevent the loss from expanding within a reasonable time, but this APP shall not be liable for any consequences arising before the measures are taken.
    3.5 We will not disclose or provide your personal information to any third party, except in the following circumstances:
        3.5.1 Obtaining your permission before disclosing or providing relevant information;
        3.5.2 Disclosing or providing in accordance with the provisions of laws or policies;
        3.5.3 Only by disclosing or providing your personal information can the goods you need be provided;
        3.5.4 Only by disclosing or providing your personal information can the services you need be provided;
        3.5.5 Disclosing or providing as required by state authorities;
        3.5.6 Disclosing or providing in accordance with other terms of this agreement.
    3.6 To provide you with better services of this APP and improve the service experience, you agree that this APP may provide your personal information to its affiliated companies.
    3.7 You understand and acknowledge that in the event of a merger or acquisition of the platform, the platform may sell or transfer this APP to a third party. In such transactions, as an integral part of this APP, your user information may also be transferred to such third party so that the third party can continue to provide services to you.
    3.8 For details on the collection, use and sharing of your personal information by this APP, you can refer to the "JITLIFE Privacy Policy".
4. User Accounts
    4.1 Users can register as official users through WeChat authorization. Becoming an official user grants the corresponding permissions as stipulated by this APP; this APP has the right to change the design of user permissions.
    4.2 The ownership of the user account belongs to this APP, and the user only has the right to use it. This APP reserves the right to reclaim user accounts that have not been used for 12 months.
    4.3 Users are obligated to ensure the security of their passwords and accounts. Any losses or damages caused by all activities conducted by users using such passwords and accounts shall be borne entirely by the users themselves, and this APP shall not bear any responsibility.
    4.4 Users shall not lend the account registered on this APP to others for use; otherwise, the user shall bear all responsibilities arising therefrom and shall be jointly and severally liable with the actual user.
    4.5 If a user finds that their account has been used without authorization or any other security issues occur, they shall immediately change the account password and keep it properly. If necessary, please notify this APP; otherwise, all responsibilities arising therefrom shall be borne by the user themselves. This APP shall not be liable for unauthorized use of the account due to hacking or the user's negligence in keeping it secure.
5. User Responsibilities
    5.1 When using this APP in any way, users shall comply with the provisions of the laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China and the terms and conditions hereof, including but not limited to:
        5.1.1 Publishing any content that violates the laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China, including but not limited to:
            5.1.1.1 Content that opposes the fundamental principles established by the Constitution;
            5.1.1.2 Content that endangers national security, leaks state secrets, subverts state power, or undermines national unity;
            5.1.1.3 Content that damages national honor and interests;
            5.1.1.4 Content that incites ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, or undermines ethnic unity;
            5.1.1.5 Content that undermines national religious policies, promotes cults, or feudal superstitions;
            5.1.1.6 Content that damages the reputation of state organs;
            5.1.1.7 Content that spreads rumors, disturbs social order, or undermines social stability;
            5.1.1.8 Content that spreads obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, homicide, terror, or incites crimes;
            5.1.1.9 Content that insults or slanders others;
            5.1.1.10 Content that infringes upon others' legitimate rights and interests;
            5.1.1.11 Content that contains other contents prohibited by laws and administrative regulations.
        5.1.2 Publishing any content that hinders public security, is false, fraudulent, threatening, coercive, or causes public disgust.
        5.1.3 Publishing any content that discriminates based on religion, gender, sexual orientation, clan, age, or disability.
        5.1.4 Publishing content containing others' private information or personal data without their consent;
        5.1.5 Publishing any advertisements for illegal services, or using any content or information obtained through this APP or by using this APP to transmit any advertising information, promotional materials, or spam through speaking, 发表，posting, uploading, email, SMS, instant messaging, or other means.
        5.1.6 Publishing any content that infringes upon others' patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights or proprietary rights, or any content that the user is not entitled to publish in accordance with relevant laws, regulations, or agreements.
        5.1.7 Uploading, disseminating, or providing any software viruses, or any other methods, devices, computer codes, documents, or program materials specifically designed to intentionally bypass or destroy the technical protection measures for copyright of this APP or others, or that damage any computer software, hardware, or communication equipment.
    5.2 This APP has the right to freeze, delete, or cancel your account at any time for any reason, and this APP has the right to terminate the user's use of this APP at any time for violations of these terms and conditions or other reasons.
    5.3 User content transmitted by users through this APP or in the process of using this APP by disseminating, 发表，publishing, posting, or via instant messages, emails, or any other means must state and guarantee that:
(1) The user has the right or has obtained authorization and consent to perform such acts;
(2) Such content is true, accurate, complete, and in line with the terms and conditions hereof;
(3) The user's use of the provided content will not cause any harm to this APP or its affiliates, partners, or any other individual or entity. For any disputes, lawsuits, and claims filed by any third party (including reasonable attorney fees and court costs) arising from a breach of any guarantees and representations stipulated in these terms and conditions, the user shall bear the relevant legal responsibilities and make compensation, and shall ensure that this APP or its affiliates, partners, service providers, and all the aforementioned staff are indemnified from such disputes, lawsuits, and claims.
    5.4 Without the written permission of this APP, users shall not transfer any rights or obligations enjoyed or assumed under these terms and conditions.
6. Service Risks and Disclaimer
    6.1 This APP does not guarantee that the services will meet users' usage requirements, nor does it guarantee that the services will not be interrupted, and will be timely, secure, and free of any errors.
    6.2 All activities conducted by users using this APP shall be at their own responsibility, and this APP shall not bear any direct or indirect liability arising therefrom.
    6.3 This APP refuses to provide any guarantees, including whether information can be transmitted accurately, timely, and smoothly. Users understand and accept that any information and materials obtained through authorization or via this APP's services depend on the users themselves, and they shall bear the risks of system damage, data loss, and any other risks.
    6.4 This APP shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages.
7. JITLIFE Trial Restrictions
    7.1 Eligible Population
        7.1.1 People aged 10-60 with independent mobility ability.
        7.1.2 People with mobility impairments, mental cognitive disorders, and other people who may cause operational risks during riding are prohibited from using;
Note: When young children ride JITLIFE, they must be accompanied by a guardian; otherwise, JITLIFE shall not bear any risks.
8. Ownership of APP Content
The content defined by the APP includes but is not limited to: text, software, sound, photos, videos, charts; all content in advertisements; all content of emails; business information provided by this APP to users. All these contents are protected by intellectual property rights and other property ownership rights, which are legally owned by JITLIFE or other right holders and protected by law. Therefore, users can only use these contents under the authorization of this APP, and shall not arbitrarily copy, tamper with these contents, or create derivative products related to the contents.
9. Supplementary Provisions
    9.1 This agreement is jointly signed by the user and JITLIFE and applies to all activities of the user on this APP. The content of this agreement includes but is not limited to the terms in the main body of the agreement and various rules that have been issued or may be issued in the future. All terms and rules are an integral part of the agreement and have the same legal effect as the main body of the agreement. The conclusion, execution, interpretation of this agreement and the resolution of disputes shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China.
    9.2 If any term of this agreement is fully or partially invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining terms of this agreement shall still be valid and binding.
    9.3 The place of signing this agreement is Chengdu, China. Any dispute or controversy between the user and JITLIFE arising from this agreement shall first be resolved through friendly negotiation. If negotiation fails, the user hereby fully agrees to submit the dispute or controversy to the people's court with jurisdiction in the location of JITLIFE for litigation.